You are good today
Take this chance!
If you are just a friend
Don't mess with me here
Mr. Rong
Are you at the intersection too?
This is oh
This is the big boss of our company
Mr. Rong, he is the younger brother of Lei
Hello Mr. Rong
I'm Joanne's mom
I had no idea you were so young
So young and promising
In the future, will you still be in the company?
Take care of us Qiao An
Joanne is part of our company
It's what we've been cultivating
Auntie, don't worry.
Although I am his boss in the company
But in private we are friends
friend
The essence of this word
We take care of it on JD.com with purpose.
There is honor and shame
Me and his dad
Don't worry.
Joanne said it
I want to be friends with my second brother for life
Right?
Yes
When did you become interested in shooting advertisements?